{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue254;\red251\green0\blue255;\red100\green117\blue135;\red19\green118\blue70;
\red251\green0\blue7;\red255\green255\blue254;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99608;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c46667\c53333\c60000;\cssrgb\c3529\c52549\c34510;
\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99608;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35640\viewh22400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Scientist Role Play: Profiling and Analyzing the Yelp Dataset Coursera Worksheet\
\
This is a 2-part assignment. In the first part, you are asked a series of questions that will help you profile and understand the data just like a data scientist would. For this first part of the assignment, you will be assessed both on the correctness of your findings, as well as the code you used to arrive at your answer. You will be graded on how easy your code is to read, so remember to use proper formatting and comments where necessary.\
\
In the second part of the assignment, you are asked to come up with your own inferences and analysis of the data for a particular research question you want to answer. You will be required to prepare the dataset for the analysis you choose to do. As with the first part, you will be graded, in part, on how easy your code is to read, so use proper formatting and comments to illustrate and communicate your intent as required.\
\
For both parts of this assignment, use this "worksheet." It provides all the questions you are being asked, and your job will be to transfer your answers and SQL coding where indicated into this worksheet so that your peers can review your work. You should be able to use any Text Editor (Windows Notepad, Apple TextEdit, Notepad ++, Sublime Text, etc.) to copy and paste your answers. If you are going to use Word or some other page layout application, just be careful to make sure your answers and code are lined appropriately.\
In this case, you may want to save as a PDF to ensure your formatting remains intact for you reviewer.\
\
\
\
Part 1: Yelp Dataset Profiling and Understanding\
\
1. Profile the data by finding the total number of records for each of the tables below:\
	\
i. Attribute table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
ii. Business table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
iii. Category table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
iv. Checkin table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
v. elite_years table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
vi. friend table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
vii. hours table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
viii. photo table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
ix. review table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
x. tip table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
xi. user table = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
	\
\
\
2. Find the total distinct records by either the foreign key or primary key for each table. If two foreign keys are listed in the table, please specify which foreign key.\
\
i. Business = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
ii. Hours = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 1562
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
iii. Category = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 2643
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
iv. Attribute = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 1115
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
v. Review = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
vi. Checkin = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 493
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
vii. Photo = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
viii. Tip = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 537
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
ix. User = 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 10000
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
x. Friend = 11\
xi. Elite_years = 2780\
\
Note: Primary Keys are denoted in the ER-Diagram with a yellow key icon.	\
\
\
\
3. Are there any columns with null values in the Users table? Indicate "yes," or "no."\
\
	Answer: NO\
	\
	\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	
\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 SELECT\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 COUNT\cf2 \strokec2 (\cf8 \strokec8 *\cf2 \strokec2 )\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	FROM\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 USER\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	WHERE\cf2 \strokec2  ID \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 NAME\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  REVIEW_COUNT \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  YELPING_SINCE \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  USEFUL \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  \cb1 \
\cb6 	FUNNY \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COOL \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  FANS \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2  AVERAGE_STARS \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_HOT \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb6 	COMPLIMENT_MORE \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_PROFILE \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_CUTE \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_LIST\cb1 \
\cf8 \cb6 \strokec8 	IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_NOTE \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_PLAIN \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_COOL \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_FUNNY \cb1 \
\cf8 \cb6 \strokec8 	IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_WRITER \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 OR\cf2 \strokec2   COMPLIMENT_PHOTOS \cf8 \strokec8 IS\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 NULL\cf2 \strokec2  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 ----------+\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 | COUNT(*) |\
+----------+\
|        0 |\
+----------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
	\
4. For each table and column listed below, display the smallest (minimum), largest (maximum), and average (mean) value for the following fields:\
\
	i. Table: Review, Column: Stars\
	\
		min:	1	max:	5	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 3.7082
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
		\
	\
	ii. Table: Business, Column: Stars\
	\
		min:	1.0	max:	5.0	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 3.6549
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
		\
	\
	iii. Table: Tip, Column: Likes\
	\
		min:	0	max:	2	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 0.0144
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
		\
	\
	iv. Table: Checkin, Column: Count\
	\
		min:	1	max:	53	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 1.9414
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
		\
	\
	v. Table: User, Column: Review_count\
	\
		min:	0	max:	2000	avg: 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 24.2995
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
		\
\
\
5. List the cities with the most reviews in descending order:\
\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 SELECT\cf2 \strokec2   CITY,\cf7 \strokec7 SUM\cf2 \strokec2 (REVIEW_COUNT)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 FROM\cf2 \strokec2  BUSINESS\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 GROUP\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 BY\cf2 \strokec2  CITY\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 ORDER\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 BY\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 SUM\cf2 \strokec2 (REVIEW_COUNT) \cf5 \strokec5 DESC\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-----------------+-------------------+\
| city            | SUM(REVIEW_COUNT) |\
+-----------------+-------------------+\
| Las Vegas       |             82854 |\
| Phoenix         |             34503 |\
| Toronto         |             24113 |\
| Scottsdale      |             20614 |\
| Charlotte       |             12523 |\
| Henderson       |             10871 |\
| Tempe           |             10504 |\
| Pittsburgh      |              9798 |\
| Montr\'e9al        |              9448 |\
| Chandler        |              8112 |\
| Mesa            |              6875 |\
| Gilbert         |              6380 |\
| Cleveland       |              5593 |\
| Madison         |              5265 |\
| Glendale        |              4406 |\
| Mississauga     |              3814 |\
| Edinburgh       |              2792 |\
| Peoria          |              2624 |\
| North Las Vegas |              2438 |\
| Markham         |              2352 |\
| Champaign       |              2029 |\
| Stuttgart       |              1849 |\
| Surprise        |              1520 |\
| Lakewood        |              1465 |\
| Goodyear        |              1155 |\
+-----------------+-------------------+\
(Output limit exceeded, 25 of 362 total rows shown)
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
	\
6. Find the distribution of star ratings to the business in the following cities:\
\
i. Avon\
\
SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 SELECT\cf2 \strokec2   stars, \cf7 \strokec7 count\cf2 \strokec2 (stars)\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  city \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  "Avon"\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 group\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  stars\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
Copy and Paste the Resulting Table Below (2 columns \'e2\'80\'93 star rating and count):\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------+--------------+\
| stars | count(stars) |\
+-------+--------------+\
|   1.5 |            1 |\
|   2.5 |            2 |\
|   3.5 |            3 |\
|   4.0 |            2 |\
|   4.5 |            1 |\
|   5.0 |            1 |\
+-------+--------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
ii. Beachwood\
\
SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 SELECT\cf2 \strokec2   stars, \cf7 \strokec7 count\cf2 \strokec2 (stars)\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  city \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  "Beachwood"\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 group\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  stars\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
Copy and Paste the Resulting Table Below (2 columns \'e2\'80\'93 star rating and count):\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------+--------------+\
| stars | count(stars) |\
+-------+--------------+\
|   2.0 |            1 |\
|   2.5 |            1 |\
|   3.0 |            2 |\
|   3.5 |            2 |\
|   4.0 |            1 |\
|   4.5 |            2 |\
|   5.0 |            5 |\
+-------+--------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
7. Find the top 3 users based on their total number of reviews:\
		\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 SELECT\cf2 \strokec2   id, \cf5 \strokec5 name\cf2 \strokec2 , review_count\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  review_count \cf5 \strokec5 desc\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 limit\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 3\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 		\
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +------------------------+--------+--------------+\
| id                     | name   | review_count |\
+------------------------+--------+--------------+\
| -G7Zkl1wIWBBmD0KRy_sCw | Gerald |         2000 |\
| -3s52C4zL_DHRK0ULG6qtg | Sara   |         1629 |\
| -8lbUNlXVSoXqaRRiHiSNg | Yuri   |         1339 |\
+------------------------+--------+--------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
8. Does posing more reviews correlate with more fans?\
\
	Please explain your findings and interpretation of the results: Yes, posting more reviews does correlate with more fans. When comparing the review_count and fans column side-by-side and ordering by fans asc, it can be seen that the users\
With the most fans are those with high amount of posts. When comparing that same query with order by fans desc, it can be seen that users with none or very few fans also have similarly small numbers of posts.\
	\
\
	\
9. Are there more reviews with the word "love" or with the word "hate" in them?\
\
	Answer: \'93love\'94\
\
	\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 count\cf2 \strokec2 (\cf5 \strokec5 text\cf2 \strokec2 )\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  review\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 text\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 like\cf2 \strokec2  \cf10 \strokec10 '%love%'\cf2 \strokec2  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------+\
| count(text) |\
+-------------+\
|        1780 |\
+-------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 count\cf2 \strokec2 (\cf5 \strokec5 text\cf2 \strokec2 )\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  review\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 text\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 like\cf2 \strokec2  \cf10 \strokec10 '%hate%'\cf2 \strokec2  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------+\
| count(text) |\
+-------------+\
|         232 |\
+-------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. Find the top 10 users with the most fans:\
\
	SQL code used to arrive at answer:\
	\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  id, \cf5 \strokec5 name\cf2 \strokec2 , fans\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  fans \cf5 \strokec5 desc\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 limit\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 10\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 	\
	Copy and Paste the Result Below:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +------------------------+-----------+------+\
| id                     | name      | fans |\
+------------------------+-----------+------+\
| -9I98YbNQnLdAmcYfb324Q | Amy       |  503 |\
| -8EnCioUmDygAbsYZmTeRQ | Mimi      |  497 |\
| --2vR0DIsmQ6WfcSzKWigw | Harald    |  311 |\
| -G7Zkl1wIWBBmD0KRy_sCw | Gerald    |  253 |\
| -0IiMAZI2SsQ7VmyzJjokQ | Christine |  173 |\
| -g3XIcCb2b-BD0QBCcq2Sw | Lisa      |  159 |\
| -9bbDysuiWeo2VShFJJtcw | Cat       |  133 |\
| -FZBTkAZEXoP7CYvRV2ZwQ | William   |  126 |\
| -9da1xk7zgnnfO1uTVYGkA | Fran      |  124 |\
| -lh59ko3dxChBSZ9U7LfUw | Lissa     |  120 |\
+------------------------+-----------+------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 	\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 		\
\
Part 2: Inferences and Analysis\
\
1. Pick one city and category of your choice and group the businesses in that city or category by their overall star rating. Compare the businesses with 2-3 stars to the businesses with 4-5 stars and answer the following questions. Include your code.\
	\
i. Do the two groups you chose to analyze have a different distribution of hours?\
\
Yes, the businesses with 4-5 stars have shorter hours of operations than their 2-3 counterparts. For example, in the city Phoenix, the restaurants that stayed open less than or equal to 12 hours all had above 4 stars, whereas majority of the restaurants with 2-3 stars stayed open over 12 hours - nearly 24 hours.\
\
ii. Do the two groups you chose to analyze have a different number of reviews?\
This one remains a bit complex. The group with 4-5 stars has a high count of reviews for 4 stars but a low count of reviews for 4.5 stars. Similarly, the restaurants with 2 stars have a low count of reviews too. Therefore, both highly-rated restaurants, 4.5 stars, and lowly rated restaurants, 2 stars, share a similar low count of reviews. However, 3.5 and above stars have a lot of reviews and therefore, it may be prudent to say that the two groups contain a different number of reviews with the 3.5-5 stars containing a large number of reviews.\
         \
iii. Are you able to infer anything from the location data provided between these two groups? Explain.\
After analyzing the data, it seems like that the restaurants with a higher longitude value have a higher rating. This may mean that better restaurants are located next to each other in a certain part of the city.\
\
SQL code used for analysis:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  category, \cf5 \strokec5 name\cf2 \strokec2 , city, stars, is_open, \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2  \cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business \cf8 \strokec8 inner\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 join\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 on\cf2 \strokec2  business.id \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2 .business_id \cf8 \strokec8 inner\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 join\cf2 \strokec2  category \cf5 \strokec5 on\cf2 \strokec2  business.id \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  category.business_id\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  city \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf10 \strokec10 'Phoenix'\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 and\cf2 \strokec2  category \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  "Restaurants"\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  stars \cf5 \strokec5 desc\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+			\
| category    | name                                   | city    | stars | is_open | hours                 |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Monday|11:00-18:00    |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Tuesday|11:00-18:00   |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Friday|11:00-18:00    |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Wednesday|11:00-18:00 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Thursday|11:00-18:00  |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Sunday|13:00-16:00    |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix |   4.5 |       0 | Saturday|11:00-18:00  |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-22:00   |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-22:00 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Thursday|11:00-22:00  |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Sunday|11:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Saturday|11:00-22:00  |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Monday|10:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Tuesday|10:00-22:00   |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Friday|10:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Wednesday|10:00-22:00 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Thursday|10:00-22:00  |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Sunday|10:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Saturday|10:00-22:00  |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-0:00     |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-0:00    |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-2:00     |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-0:00  |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+\
| category    | name                                   | city    | stars | is_open | hours                 |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Monday|5:00-23:00     |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Tuesday|5:00-23:00    |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Friday|5:00-0:00      |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Wednesday|5:00-23:00  |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Thursday|5:00-23:00   |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Sunday|5:00-23:00     |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Saturday|5:00-0:00    |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-0:00     |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-0:00    |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-2:00     |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-0:00  |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Thursday|11:00-2:00   |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Sunday|9:00-0:00      |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Saturday|9:00-2:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Monday|10:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Tuesday|10:00-22:00   |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Friday|10:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Wednesday|10:00-22:00 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Thursday|10:00-22:00  |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Sunday|10:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Saturday|10:00-22:00  |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-22:00   |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-22:00    |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-22:00 |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  category, \cf5 \strokec5 name\cf2 \strokec2 , city, stars, is_open, \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2 , review_count\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business \cf8 \strokec8 inner\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 join\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 on\cf2 \strokec2  business.id \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2 .business_id \cf8 \strokec8 inner\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 join\cf2 \strokec2  category \cf5 \strokec5 on\cf2 \strokec2  business.id \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  category.business_id\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  city \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf10 \strokec10 'Phoenix'\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 and\cf2 \strokec2  category \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  "Restaurants"\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  review_count \cf5 \strokec5 desc\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
| category    | name                                   | city    | stars | is_open | hours                 | review_count |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-22:00   |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-22:00 |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Thursday|11:00-22:00  |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Sunday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix |   4.0 |       1 | Saturday|11:00-22:00  |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Monday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Tuesday|10:00-22:00   |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Friday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Wednesday|10:00-22:00 |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Thursday|10:00-22:00  |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Sunday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix |   3.5 |       1 | Saturday|10:00-22:00  |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-0:00     |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-0:00    |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-2:00     |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-0:00  |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Thursday|11:00-2:00   |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Sunday|9:00-0:00      |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix |   3.0 |       1 | Saturday|9:00-2:00    |           60 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Monday|5:00-23:00     |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Tuesday|5:00-23:00    |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Friday|5:00-0:00      |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix |   2.0 |       1 | Wednesday|5:00-23:00  |            8 |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  category, \cf5 \strokec5 name\cf2 \strokec2 , city, postal_code, latitude, longitude, stars, is_open, \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2 , review_count\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business \cf8 \strokec8 inner\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 join\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 on\cf2 \strokec2  business.id \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 hours\cf2 \strokec2 .business_id \cf8 \strokec8 inner\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 join\cf2 \strokec2  category \cf5 \strokec5 on\cf2 \strokec2  business.id \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  category.business_id\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  city \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf10 \strokec10 'Phoenix'\cf2 \strokec2  \cf8 \strokec8 and\cf2 \strokec2  category \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  "Restaurants"\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  stars \cf5 \strokec5 desc\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------------+----------+-----------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
| category    | name                                   | city    | postal_code | latitude | longitude | stars | is_open | hours                 | review_count |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------------+----------+-----------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Monday|11:00-18:00    |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Tuesday|11:00-18:00   |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Friday|11:00-18:00    |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Wednesday|11:00-18:00 |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Thursday|11:00-18:00  |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Sunday|13:00-16:00    |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Charlie D's Catfish & Chicken          | Phoenix | 85034       |  33.4468 |  -112.057 |   4.5 |       0 | Saturday|11:00-18:00  |            7 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-22:00   |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-22:00 |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Thursday|11:00-22:00  |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Sunday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Saturday|11:00-22:00  |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Monday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Tuesday|10:00-22:00   |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Friday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Wednesday|10:00-22:00 |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Thursday|10:00-22:00  |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Sunday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Saturday|10:00-22:00  |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-0:00     |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-0:00    |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-2:00     |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-0:00  |           60 |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------------+----------+-----------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------------+----------+-----------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
| category    | name                                   | city    | postal_code | latitude | longitude | stars | is_open | hours                 | review_count |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------------+----------+-----------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Monday|5:00-23:00     |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Tuesday|5:00-23:00    |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Friday|5:00-0:00      |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Wednesday|5:00-23:00  |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Thursday|5:00-23:00   |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Sunday|5:00-23:00     |            8 |\
| Restaurants | McDonald's                             | Phoenix | 85004       |  33.4297 |  -112.066 |   2.0 |       1 | Saturday|5:00-0:00    |            8 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-0:00     |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-0:00    |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-2:00     |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-0:00  |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Thursday|11:00-2:00   |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Sunday|9:00-0:00      |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Gallagher's                            | Phoenix | 85024       |  33.6536 |  -112.064 |   3.0 |       1 | Saturday|9:00-2:00    |           60 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Monday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Tuesday|10:00-22:00   |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Friday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Wednesday|10:00-22:00 |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Thursday|10:00-22:00  |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Sunday|10:00-22:00    |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Five Guys                              | Phoenix | 85008       |   33.478 |  -111.986 |   3.5 |       1 | Saturday|10:00-22:00  |           63 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Monday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Tuesday|11:00-22:00   |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Friday|11:00-22:00    |          431 |\
| Restaurants | Bootleggers Modern American Smokehouse | Phoenix | 85028       |  33.5818 |  -112.008 |   4.0 |       1 | Wednesday|11:00-22:00 |          431 |\
+-------------+----------------------------------------+---------+-------------+----------+-----------+-------+---------+-----------------------+--------------+\
(Output limit exceeded, 25 of 35 total rows shown)
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2. Group business based on the ones that are open and the ones that are closed. What differences can you find between the ones that are still open and the ones that are closed? List at least two differences and the SQL code you used to arrive at your answer.\
		\
i. Difference 1: The businesses that are open have a higher average star rating than their counterparts which are closed.\
         \
         \
ii. Difference 2: The businesses that are open have a higher average review_count than their counterparts which are closed\
         \
         \
         \
SQL code used for analysis:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2   is_open, \cf7 \strokec7 avg\cf2 \strokec2 (review_count), \cf7 \strokec7 avg\cf2 \strokec2 (stars)\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  is_open \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 0\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +---------+-------------------+---------------+\
| is_open | avg(review_count) |    avg(stars) |\
+---------+-------------------+---------------+\
|       0 |     23.1980263158 | 3.52039473684 |\
+---------+-------------------+---------------+\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2   is_open, \cf7 \strokec7 avg\cf2 \strokec2 (review_count), \cf7 \strokec7 avg\cf2 \strokec2 (stars)\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 from\cf2 \strokec2  business\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 where\cf2 \strokec2  is_open \cf8 \strokec8 =\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 1\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +---------+-------------------+---------------+\
| is_open | avg(review_count) |    avg(stars) |\
+---------+-------------------+---------------+\
|       1 |     31.7570754717 | 3.67900943396 |\
+---------+-------------------+---------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
	\
3. For this last part of your analysis, you are going to choose the type of analysis you want to conduct on the Yelp dataset and are going to prepare the data for analysis.\
\
Ideas for analysis include: Parsing out keywords and business attributes for sentiment analysis, clustering businesses to find commonalities or anomalies between them, predicting the overall star rating for a business, predicting the number of fans a user will have, and so on. These are just a few examples to get you started, so feel free to be creative and come up with your own problem you want to solve. Provide answers, in-line, to all of the following:\
	\
i. Indicate the type of analysis you chose to do: I will be looking at the correlation between the number of reviews posted by a user and the number of fans that user has. Furthermore, I will be investigating the correlation between the length of time a user has been using Yelp and the number of fans that user has.\
         \
         \
ii. Write 1-2 brief paragraphs on the type of data you will need for your analysis and why you chose that data:\
	For this analysis, I will need to analyze the data in the user table. I will begin by selecting and viewing the relevant variables which are review_count, fans, and yelping_since. After reviewing and understanding these variables and their measure, I will find the correlation between review_count and fans by clustering the number of fans into 2 bins - namely users with less than 10 fans and user with larger than 10 fans. Then I will calculate the average of the review_count for each bins and compare the averages. As shown in codes and tables C and D, users with less than 10 fans represent about 96.9% of all users and average about 15 reviews per user. This bin also contains on average less than 0.5 fans meaning majority of the users in this bin have 0 fans. Comparatively, the users with more than 10 fans have a significantly higher average review_count - 332 reviews per user on average. This shows that review_count is positively correlated with fans.\
	Then, I wanted to analyze the correlation between the length of the user account and the number of fans. For this analysis. I extracted the year each user joined from the yelping_since variable. Then I compared these calendar years to the fans of each user. In order to see some trends, I binned my users into 2 categories - users with less than 5 fans and users with more than 5 fans. Finally, I took the average of the calendar years from the yelping_since variable for each bin. Codes and tables E and F show that users with less than 5 fans joined Yelp on average at around 2013, whereas users with more than 5 fans joined Yelp around 2010. This shows that age of account is positively correlated with fans.                   \
                  \
iii. Output of your finished dataset:\
A.
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +--------------+------+		\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 | review_count | fans |\
+--------------+------+\
|            2 |    0 |\
|           57 |    0 |\
|            8 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|            1 |    0 |\
|            7 |    0 |\
|            3 |    0 |\
|            9 |    0 |\
|            5 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|           23 |    0 |\
|           28 |    0 |\
|            4 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|           25 |    0 |\
|            3 |    0 |\
|            3 |    0 |\
|            1 |    0 |\
|           11 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|            7 |    0 |\
|            2 |    0 |\
|            3 |    0 |\
+--------------+------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2   \
B. 
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +--------------+------+\
| review_count | fans |\
+--------------+------+\
|          609 |  503 |\
|          968 |  497 |\
|         1153 |  311 |\
|         2000 |  253 |\
|          930 |  173 |\
|          813 |  159 |\
|          377 |  133 |\
|         1215 |  126 |\
|          862 |  124 |\
|          834 |  120 |\
|          861 |  115 |\
|          408 |  111 |\
|          255 |  105 |\
|         1039 |  104 |\
|          694 |  101 |\
|         1246 |  101 |\
|          307 |   96 |\
|          584 |   89 |\
|          842 |   85 |\
|          220 |   84 |\
|          408 |   81 |\
|          178 |   80 |\
|          754 |   78 |\
|         1339 |   76 |\
|          161 |   73 |\
+--------------+------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2    \
C
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------------+-------------+----------------+\
| AVG(review_count) | COUNT(fans) |      AVG(FANS) |\
+-------------------+-------------+----------------+\
|     15.0085655315 |        9690 | 0.447265221878 |\
+-------------------+-------------+----------------+\cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \strokec2   \
D
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +-------------------+-------------+---------------+\
| AVG(review_count) | COUNT(fans) |     AVG(FANS) |\
+-------------------+-------------+---------------+\
|     332.179856115 |         278 | 36.8417266187 |\
+-------------------+-------------+---------------+\
E.+------------------------------------+-------------+----------------+\
| AVG(STRFTIME('%Y', YELPING_SINCE)) | COUNT(fans) |      avg(fans) |\
+------------------------------------+-------------+----------------+\
|                      2012.95454545 |        9460 | 0.300528541226 |\
+------------------------------------+-------------+----------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  \
F.
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 +------------------------------------+-------------+---------------+\
| AVG(STRFTIME('%Y', YELPING_SINCE)) | COUNT(fans) |     avg(fans) |\
+------------------------------------+-------------+---------------+\
|                       2010.0021322 |         469 | 24.9424307036 |\
+------------------------------------+-------------+---------------+
\f0 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2          \
iv. Provide the SQL code you used to create your final dataset:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 A.	select\cf2 \strokec2  review_count, fans\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  fans \cf5 \strokec5 asc\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
B.   \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  review_count, fans\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	order\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 by\cf2 \strokec2  fans \cf5 \strokec5 DESC\
C.   select\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 AVG\cf2 \strokec2 (review_count), \cf7 \strokec7 COUNT\cf2 \strokec2 (fans), \cf7 \strokec7 AVG\cf2 \strokec2 (FANS)\cb1 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	WHERE\cf2 \strokec2  FANS \cf8 \strokec8 <\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 10\
D.   \cf5 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 AVG\cf2 \strokec2 (review_count), \cf7 \strokec7 COUNT\cf2 \strokec2 (fans),\cb11 \outl0\strokewidth0  \cf7 AVG\cf2 (FANS)\cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	WHERE\cf2 \strokec2  FANS \cf8 \strokec8 > \cf9 \strokec9 10\cf2 \strokec2  \
E.   \cf5 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 AVG\cf2 \strokec2 (STRFTIME(\cf10 \strokec10 '%Y'\cf2 \strokec2 , YELPING_SINCE)), \cf7 \strokec7 COUNT\cf2 \strokec2 (fans)\cb11 \outl0\strokewidth0 , \cf7 \cb11 AVG\cf2 \cb11 (FANS)\cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	WHERE\cf2 \strokec2  FANS \cf8 \strokec8 <\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 5\
F.	\cf5 \strokec5 select\cf2 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 AVG\cf2 \strokec2 (STRFTIME(\cf10 \strokec10 '%Y'\cf2 \strokec2 , YELPING_SINCE)), \cf7 \strokec7 COUNT\cf2 \strokec2 (fans)\cb11 \outl0\strokewidth0 , \cf7 \cb11 AVG\cf2 \cb11 (FANS)\cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	from\cf2 \strokec2  \cf5 \strokec5 user\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 	WHERE\cf2 \strokec2  FANS \cf8 \strokec8 >\cf2 \strokec2  \cf9 \strokec9 5\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
}